Update _index.md to reflect AWS IAM Access Analyzer integration (#23253)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_security_management/identity_risks/_index.md

  text: "Learn more about Workflow Automation"
---

> Cloud Security Management Identity Risks (CSM Identity Risks) / Cloud Infrastructure Entitlement Management (CIEM) helps you mitigate entitlement risks across your clouds. It continually scans your cloud infrastructure and finds issues such as lingering administrative privileges, privilege escalations, permission gaps, large blast radii and cross-account access. It also enables you to proactively resolve identity risks on an ongoing basis to secure your cloud infrastructure from IAM-based attacks. For quick remediation, it suggests [downsized policies][4], [Datadog Workflows][3] based remediations, and deep links to cloud consoles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud Security Management Identity Risks (CSM Identity Risks) helps you mitigate entitlement risks across your clouds. It continually scans your cloud infrastructure and finds issues such as lingering administrative privileges, privilege escalations, permission gaps, large blast radii, and cross-account access. It also enables you to proactively resolve identity risks on an ongoing basis to secure your cloud infrastructure from IAM-based attacks. For quick remediation, it suggests [downsized policies][4], [Datadog Workflows][3] based remediations, and deep links to cloud consoles.
```

{{< img src="security/identity_risks/downsized_policy.png" alt="Review suggestions for downsizing a policy on the Suggested downsized policy dialog" width="100%">}}

To remediate the identity risk, click **Fix in AWS** to update the resource in AWS IAM console. To create a Jira issue and assign it to a team, click **Add Jira issue**. See [Create Jira Issues for Cloud Security Management Issues][2] for more information.

{{< img src="security/identity_risks/side_panel_action_buttons.png" alt="Remediate identity risks using the action buttons on the side panel" width="100%">}}

You can also leverage [Workflow Automation][3] to create automated workflows for identity risks (with or without human involvement). See [Automate Security Workflows with Workflow Automation][3] for more information.

## AWS IAM Access Analyzer integration

Datadog CIEM is integrated with [AWS IAM Access Analyzer][5] to further improve the permissions gap detections. If you are using AWS IAM Access Analyzer, Datadog CIEM automatically leverages its unused access findings to enrich permissions gap detections and downsized policy recommendations.

> Note: If you are enabling AWS IAM Access Analyzer for the first time, there is additional AWS cost associated with this enablement and it could take up to two hours before AWS IAM Access Analyzer's insights are made available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">If you are enabling AWS IAM Access Analyzer for the first time, there is an additional AWS cost associated with this enablement and it could take up to two hours before AWS IAM Access Analyzer's insights are made available.</div>
```
